this thing's out of control
I think we're creating junkies you must
have seen some flu cases the numbers are
solid
it was pretty disturbing did the
subjects usually act this way what
happened to you Marjorie
hello I'm Rhonda and I'm Tom we're sorry
to bother you but we were wondering if
you've seen our little boy oh no I don't
think so why would you think he would be
here well we can't find him no he's poor
and he's been gone for Oh what would you
say Tom seven hours laughs we'll have
you tried calling the police
oh no no we didn't didn't think of that
life is like a dance mrs. Li it can be a
jig or it can be a solemn waltz dance
must be tiring
I think a motek permantly rewires your
brain you know not at first but over
time because if the six-month mark a lot
of these subjects are coming in and
they're just unraveled you know they'll
lose it
apathy and ability to deal with her
problems okay here we go again
Chris why is it every time we put out a
new product you find some great human
injustice why does a woman who just lost
her job her husband custody of her child
come in grinning from ear to ear and
thank us for it
she's probably dosing at maximum she's
having a pretty rough time where's she
having a rough time because of her dose
it's just one person Chris she's our
longest test subject tell me you don't
see something here farm television
emotive it's software medicine for the
line with no chemicals you can
completely regulate your moods a
low-tech works by sending electrical
impulses to the brain simply observe the
anoche grant earpiece and you can adjust
your mood via cell phone internet or PDA
device you determine the setting that's
right for you
so don't let my little concern and get
in your way
it's non-addictive put absolutely many
side effects lift this stress free
existence you deserve
alert her emotions in control
you got me drunk I must be drunk to be
doing something this stupid
knock on the door stupid she's not here
let's go yeah
mrs. Brooks it's Christopher Shepherd
from farm tell we met this afternoon
excellent breaking and entering
Marjorie what we gonna do